{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Bloc Library: flutter_bloc & bloc 
\f1\b0 (Its package)
\f0\b \
\

\f1\b0 It is a library to separate business logic from UI. It has two parts flutter_bloc (deals with UI) and bloc (deals with business logic).\
\
A container, we add events to it and every event added to it produces states. A class that begins with a state and it\'92s output is always a state. For Example; Logged-In, Logged-Out, Error Screen.\
\
For Example: You give input Login with this username and password, Register with this username and password. These are events we give to Bloc. Then it produces output states on those events.\
\
\

\f0\b BlocProvider:
\f1\b0 \
We usually subclass our Bloc class using BlocProvider.\
And this subclass act as a provider.\
\

\f0\b BlocListener:\

\f1\b0 It listen to changes of state of a bloc. So you can perform some side effects. Like displaying error messages, new screens etc.\
\

\f0\b BlocBuilder:\

\f1\b0 After listening the state changes to build something it is used. Like a FutureBuilder or StreamBuilder.\
\

\f0\b BlocConsumer:\

\f1\b0 Combines BlocListener and BlocBuilder.\
It Listens to changes that happen inside a Bloc, it will allow both side effect and Widget to display to the user based on those changes.\
\
\

\f0\b Add Package dependencies \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 \'93flutter pub add bloc
\f3\b \'94\

\f2\b0 \'93flutter pub add flutter_bloc \'93
\f1\i0 \
 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Then Do 
\f1\b0 \
\'93
\f2\i flutter clean\'94\

\f1\i0 \

\f0\b And Then
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \'93flutter pub get\'94\
\
\
Event goes into the bloc and state comes out of the bloc. 
\f3\b We need Stateful widget for dealing with states. 
\f2\b0 Here in our counter project state belongs to TextEditingController. 
\f1\i0 Because it\'92s state changes when we write something and when we remove something etc.
\f3\i\b \
\

\f2\b0 \
\
\
}